Wow, it's beautiful.
5.50 million 5.50 million a multitude
He must be afraid that others will know that he has no money.
Just pretending
Uncle said it well
What do you like about this picture?
Do you like it, big brother?
My little sister likes my picture
Rounded to the nearest, just like me
I am my little sister's favorite brother
Third brother, you are the famous Dot Dawn
Since my little brother likes my painting
Go home and give you flowers
It didn't cost much
Thank you third brother
You are welcome
Who made you the third brother's favorite little sister?
6 million 6 million time
6.50 million 6.50 million time 6.60 million 6.60 million time
Your own boys still don't like this bag.
Why did he spend so much money on it?
I heard the assistant say
It looks like they're going to buy the painting.
Apologize to the big brother
I thought it was called big brother
Cold people don't like that kind of wind
Really don't like it
It's your third brother who is so shameless
Put it in my office on purpose
Hey
Brother, don't speak ill of me in front of little sister
I'm just telling the truth
Looking at others, you will think that the eldest brother likes the words of the third brother
Since the little sister thought of it during the day
Why don't we help you?